
Question 1:

Login:

1. What if account the user trying to login does not exist? 

2. Should we add the “Remember Me” checkbox?

Link Location:

1. What does each page for the links look like?

2. What does the search box on the upper right corner do? What characters are allowed?

Profile Page:

1. For the search functionality, how many results should we display per page? What is the default order by column? 
Should we allow the user to click the table header to order by different columns?

2. Is the Linked Account clickable? Is it supposed to redirect user to their FaceBook homepage? 

Edit Profile:

1. If we allow the CSR to edit any user's profile, should be audit their behavior?

2. Why is the “Name” field a drop-down list? Do we save all the names the user has used before?

3. Is there maximum length for the “About” text area?

4. Should be change the Language text field to a multi-select drop-down list?

5. What is the maximum image size for the profile photo?

Settings Page:

1. What happens if the user removes the only Linked Account?

2. When the user clicks “Deactivate My HomeAway Profile”, can the user herself see her own profile? 
Should we mark her account as deleted? Should we allow her to change mind and activate her profile in the future? 

Reset Password:

1. Should we distinguish uppercase and lowercase characters? 

2. Do we allow special characters? If so, what special characters do we allowed? 

3. Can the password be reused? If not, what is the interval? One year?

4. For security reason, should we require user to enter their old password before allowing them to save new password?

Question 2:

I feel like the following 4 quesitons are more important than others:

1. What if account the user trying to login does not exist? 
This could happen when the user thought they have registered with HomeAway before, while actually they have not. 
If we do not resolve this issue, the user may get confused.

2. What does the search box on the upper right corner do? What characters are allowed?
This question relates to the functionality. 
The developers will not be able work on this functionality until they are clear on its behavior.

3. If we allow the CSR to edit any user's profile, should be audit their behavior?
This is important because the CSR could misuse their authority if we do not keep the record history.

4. When the user clicks “Deactivate My HomeAway Profile”, can the user herself see her own profile? 
Should we mark her account as deleted? Should we allow her to change mind and activate her profile in the future? 
This is also important because our client matters.
The user should receive warm welcome back whenever they change their mind, in my humble opinion. 
